=head1 NAME

atitvout - ATI Rage/Radeon TV Out configuration program

=head1 COMMANDS

    help: Shows this help.
    vbe: Show some information about the VESA BIOS Extension (VBE).
    tvout: Shows some information about the TV Out connector.
    standard: Shows some information about the used TV standard.
    pal*: Sets PAL mode.
    ntsc*: Sets NTSC mode.
    detect: Shows a list of attached displays.
    active: Shows a list of all active displays.
    auto: Activates all attached displays, deactivates all others.
    off: Deactives all displays.
    l,c,t,lc,lt,ct,lct: Activates the specified display, deactivates all
                        others. (l = LCD; c = CRT; t = TV)

=head1 MISC

Use the flags -f and -r for forcing Rage Mobility/Rage LT resp. Radeon/R128 mode.
* Not available on Radeon/Rage 128.

You may specifiy more than one command on the command line. An example:

    atitvout pal auto

This command line automatically enables an attached TV and sets it to PAL mode.

=head1 NOTES

PLEASE NOTE: When using the ati driver of XFree 4.1 you should rerun this
utility always after having changed the screen resolution with C-A-+ or C-A--.
Otherwise the displays may go nuts.

PLEASE NOTE: Not all ATI adapters support all of these commands. Please try them
all before complaining.

PLEASE NOTE: Most cards do not allow to activate non attached displays. All calls
to atitvout will fail if you try to enable displays which do not show up in
'atitvout detect'.

PLEASE NOTE: Not all adapters seem to support simultaneously using TV and LCD from
within Linux. Thus 'lt' may fail, while 'l' and 't' succeed. In this case 'auto'
will fail too. In fact 'auto' works only on very few adapters.

=head1 AUTHOR

Author of this manpage is Ola Lundqvist <opal@debian.org>

=head1 SEE ALSO

http://www.stud.uni-hamburg.de/users/lennart/projects/atitvout/
